[water splashing]
[logo whirring]
[film wheel crackling]
[ominous ambiance]
[woman ominously humming]
[waves crashing]
[dramatic old-timey music]
[car engine roaring]
- [Watson] Are you gonna let Lestrade
handle this thing by himself?
- [Sherlock] Well, after all,
he does represent the
official police, you know.
- [Watson] With him doing the questioning,
looking under the seat
cushions for diamonds,
what very more must we do now?
I could do it better myself.
- [Sherlock] Why don't you, old fellow?
- [Watson] Huh?
By Jove, I think I will.
Probably find out just as
much Lestrade would anyway.
I'll do it at once.
Oh, that's where we just came from.
Locked, huh?
Oh.
Well, I'll start with this one.
[knocking]
Hello.
- [Man] Yes?
- [Watson] My name's Watson. Dr. Watson.
- [Man] Oh, to what am I
indebted to this intrusion?
- [Watson] I'm afraid
I've got to ask you one or two questions.
What are you doing on the train?
Where are you going?
Things like that, you know.
- [Man] Why? Customary?
- [Watson] Oh, there's
been a murder committed.
Scotland Yard.
- Did my food come?
- It's in the kitchen.
- [Man On Radio] What
about Sherlock Holmes?
- [Watson] We're cross-examining suspects.
- Thanks for that.
- [Man On Radio] Suspects?
Of what am I suspected?
- [Watson] Oh, a fellow's
dead. Murdered, you know.
- [Man On Radio] Now,
let me get this straight.
You say a murder has been
committed on this train?
- [Watson] Oh, in the next compartment.
- [Man On Radio] And because
a perfect stranger to me
got himself murdered,
you've come to question me?
- [Watson] Well, we've
got to question everybody!
- [Man On Radio] Are you a policeman? No?
Then by what right
do you force your way into my compartment?
[gentle music]
[crows cawing]
[car brakes squeaking]
[birds chirping]
[lock jingling]
- [Meeks] If you need anything, just call.
- [Anna] Thank you.
[tender music]
[birds chirping]
[crows cawing]
[window creaking]
[car engine roaring]
- [Sherlock] Excuse us, will you?
- [Lestrade] What's the idea, Mr. Holmes?
- [Sherlock] It's a
matter of taste, Lestrade.
The young lady's taking her
mother to Scotland for burial.
- [Lestrade] In a coffin?
- [Sherlock] That is the
customary method, I believe.
Lestrade, I think we'll
take a look at that coffin.
It might prove interesting.
- [Lestrade] Hm, I was about to
suggest that very thing
myself, Mr. Holmes.
Conductor, I'll have a
look in the luggage van.
- [Conductor] Oh, this way, sir.
[clock ticking]
[keys jingling]
[ominous music]
[phone ringing]
- [Mum] Hello.
Are you there yet, love?
- Yes, Mum.
- [Mum] And? What's it like?
- Well, I've barely put my bags down.
- [Mum] Is it as good as
it looks in the brochure?
- [Anna] I'm just in the door.
- [Mum] It looked lovely in the brochure.
Oh, just give me a sec, love.
I just got to answer the door.
[tender music]
Sorry, love. That was
just a package for Dad.
So, what's the impression?
- [Anna] So far, so good. I'll
call you later and report.
- [Mum] Do. Do, love, do.
Your dad will want the complete lowdown.
- Of course, Mum.
Let me get settled and
I'll call you as soon as.
- [Mum] Okay, okay, love.
Dad sends kisses.
- [Anna] Yeah, kisses back. Love you.
- [Mum] Love you. Love you, sweetheart.
[phone beeps]
[ominous music]
[ghostly humming]
[birds chirping]
[ominous music]
[wind faintly howling]
[gentle music]
[tense music]
[ghastly creaking]
[gentle classical music]
[wind howling]
[ominous music]
[gentle piano music]
[keys clacking]
[distant animal calling]
[thunder booming]
[ominous music]
[rain pattering]
[tea kettle burbling]
[phone ringing]
- [Dad] I'll keep it short, Squirrel.
- Hi, Dad.
- [Dad] Well, will it do?
- It's perfect, Dad.
Oh, guess what? I am the
first person to stay here.
It's been renovated.
- [Dad] Excellent, excellent.
Book 5, love!
- [Anna] It's ﬁne, Dad. It'll come.
It always does.
I just need a couple of days cooling off
and I'll be able to jump right in.
- [Dad] That's my girl.
Well, Sophie in the
Book Corner told me that
books 1 to 3 have completely sold out.
They have another lot on order.
- [Anna] Sophie's lovely.
Tell her thanks from me,
for keeping the flag flying.
- [Dad] I know you're
being kind, Squirrel.
She is aware it's only a village bookshop,
but we're proud of you, that's all.
No one else from this
quaint corner of the world
has ascended to such dizzy heights.
- [Anna] I'm not exactly
J.K. Rowling, Dad.
- Well, she wasn't either,
until Hollywood came calling.
- [Anna] I think you'll find
she's always been J.K. Rowling.
- [Dad] You know what I mean.
Look, your old dad is proud of you.
You are following what burns inside
and making a bloody good living,
so you keep that fire lit.
- [Anna] Thanks, Dad. That
means the world to me.
You know it does.
Now stop worrying.
- [Dad] I know. I know.
I just, um, well...
I just don't like to think of
you being unhappy, that's all.
It breaks my heart.
- [Anna] Stop, Dad.
You'll make me cry again.
It'll get sorted, one way or the other.
- [Dad] Okay. Okay, love.
Well, you enjoy your night
and keep me in the loop.
We'll talk tomorrow, or the day after.
- [Anna] Of course, Dad.
Dad, I love you.
- [Dad] And I love you too, Squirrel.
[phone beeps]
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
[old-timey music]
- Very well.
Our guests are here,
unfortunately still alive.
Is your face on yet?
- Dust and dirt everywhere.
The water barely trickled.
Couldn't you have had the place cleaned?
- Atmosphere, darling.
You know how ghosts are.
They never tidy up.
That's a very fetching outfit,
but hardly suitable for a party.
- I'm not going to the party.
- This spend-the-night ghost
party was your idea, remember?
If you're gonna cost me
$50,000, I want you to have fun.
- The party was my idea, until
you invited all the guests.
Why all of these strangers,
but none of our friends?
- Friends? Do we have any friends?
- No, your jealousy took care of that.
- I had a reason for inviting each guest.
I wanted kind of a cross section,
from psychiatrist to typist,
and from drunk to jet pilot.
They share one thing, they all need money.
Now, let's see if they're
brave enough to earn it.
- [Woman] And you call this a party?
- [Man] Could be.
- [Woman] Why do you always do that?
It spoils the Champagne.
- [Man] Well, it might explode.
- [Woman] It never does.
- [Man] Will you guarantee that?
- [Woman] That isn't funny, Frederick.
- [Frederick] It would
make a good headline.
Playboy kills wife with champagne cork.
[peaceful music]
[animals distantly calling]
[woman screaming]
[woman sobbing]
- Oh, there it was! I saw it again!
[ominous music]
- [Man] Where did it come from?
- [Woman] From in here!
[wind howling]
[fire crackling]
[gentle piano music]
[somber violin music]
- [Radio] "Aesop's Fables,"
A New Translation by V. S. Vernon Jones,
with an introduction by G.
K. Chesterton, 1912 edition.
Introduction.
[ominous music]
Aesop embodies an epigram not
uncommon in human history;
his fame is all the more deserved
because he never deserved it.
The firm foundations of common sense,
the shrewd shots at uncommon sense,
that characterize all his fables,
belong not him but to humanity.
In the earliest human history,
whatever is authentic is universal,
and whatever is universal is anonymous.
In such cases, there is
always some central man
who had first the trouble
of collecting them,
and afterwards the fame of creating them.
He had the fame; and, on the
whole, he earned the fame.
There must be something great and human,
something of the human
future and the human past,
in such a man, even if he only used it
to rob the past or deceive the future.
The story of Arthur may
have been really connected
with the most fighting
Christianity of falling Rome
or with the most heathen traditions
hidden in the hills of Wales.
[distorted radio crackling]
[wind howling]
[ominous music]
[water splashing]
[gentle piano music]
- [Woman] To many, the
frost of custom has made
even those imposing annual
ceremonies cold and lifeless.
To you, at least of those present,
they should have the
solemnity of an ordinance,
[phone buzzes]
called as you are this
day to a high dignity
and to so weighty an office and charge.
You have chosen your Genius,
have passed beneath the
Throne of Necessity,
and with the voices of the fatal
sisters still in your ears,
will soon enter the plain of Forgetfulness
and drink of the waters of its river.
Ere you are driven all manner of ways,
like the souls in the
tale of Er the Pamphylian.
Foot note, the Republic, book 10.
End foot note.
It is my duty to say a
few words of encouragement
and to bid you, in the
name of the Faculty,
God-speed on your journey.
I could have the heart to spare you,
poor, careworn survivors
of a hard struggle,
so "lean and pale and
leaden-eyed with study;"
and my tender mercy
constrains me to consider
but two of the score of elements
which may make or mar your lives,
which may contribute to your success,
or help you in the days of failure.
[phone buzzes]
In the first place, in
the physician or surgeon
no quality takes rank
with imperturbability,
and I propose for a few minutes
to direct your attention
to this essential bodily virtue.
[creaking]
Perhaps I may be able
to give those of you,
in whom it has not developed
during the critical
scenes of the past month,
a hint or two of its importance,
possibly a suggestion for its attainment.
Imperturbability means
coolness and presence of mind
under all circumstances,
calmness amid storm,
clearness of judgment in
moments of grave peril,
immobility, impassiveness, or,
to use an old and expressive word, phlegm.
It is the quality which is
most appreciated by the laity,
[creaking]
though often misunderstood by them;
and the physician who has the
misfortune to be without it,
who betrays indecision and worry,
and who shows that he is
flustered and flurried
in ordinary emergencies,
loses rapidly the
confidence of his patients.
In full development,
as we see it in some of
our older colleagues,
it has the nature of a divine gift,
a blessing to the possessor,
a comfort to all who
come in contact with him.
You should know it well, for
there have been before you
for years several striking
illustrations, whose example has,
I trust, made a deep impression.
As imperturbability is
largely a bodily endowment,
I regret to say that there
are those amongst you,
who, owing to congenital defects,
may never be able to acquire it.
Education, however, will do much.
[thunder booming]
[ominous music]
[creaking]
[doorknob rattling]
[faint wailing]
[ghostly ambiance]
[flies buzzing]
[gentle piano music]
[door creaking]
[birds cawing]
[lock rattling]
[gate creaking]
[birds chirping]
[wind howling]
[animals distantly calling]
[crows cawing]
[wildlife calling]
[flies buzzing]
[ominous music]
[phone ringing]
[faint ghostly humming]
[tense music]
- [Anna] Hi, David.
- [David] Hey, how are things?
- [Anna] I've only just arrived, David,
and frankly, this is annoying.
- [David] Look, I just
want you to know that
I'm thinking about you.
All the time, actually.
- [Anna] Wow.
- [David] Wow, what?
- [Anna] That is some
reformation in 24 hours.
- [David] I love you, Anna. You know that.
I'm always thinking about you.
- [Anna] And you were thinking of me
when you had your tongue
inside of Alison's mouth at your work do?
- [David] We were drunk.
I don't even particularly like Alison.
- [Anna] Oh.
Well, that's lovely.
So, I can expect you
to grab the first woman
on Oxford Street on a Saturday afternoon
as we're out shopping.
On a whim. On a compulsion.
- [David] Don't be childish, Anna.
Look, it's never happened before
and it will never happen again.
I'm sorry, for fuck's sake.
[animals calling]
- [Anna] Oh, the apology of the century!
"I'm sorry, for fuck's sake."
Look, David.
I appreciate you thinking
of me and making an effort,
but I need,
yes, me,
I need time alone here
to write the book that I am under contract
to deliver on time,
and now, figure everything out.
- [David] I understand that, but-
- [Anna] Please, David. I
hear what you are saying.
I take it on board and I appreciate it,
but it would mean so much more
if you respect my need
to have this time alone.
Can you do that for me?
- [David] Yes, Anna.
I can do that.
[birds chirping]
- [Anna] Thank you.
[phone buzzes]
I'll be in touch.
You can count on that, okay?
- [David] Okay. I'll
wait to hear from you.
- [Anna] Thank you, David.
We'll talk soon.
My agent's calling.
- [David] Okay, Anna. Okay.
[phone ringing]
- [Stephen] Settled in?
- [Anna] It's wonderful.
- [Stephen] So, what's our plan?
- [Anna] The first
three chapters delivery,
as soon as possible.
- [Stephen] Absolutely. Full chapters.
As close to finished as possible.
Outside editorial suggestion, of course.
- [Anna] I'm on it, Stephen.
I won't let you down. Do I ever?
- [Stephen] It has been close
to the wire, several times,
but today is a new day
with a new hideaway and
a fresh perspective.
Am I wrong?
- [Anna] You're not wrong, Stephen.
I've already made a start.
- [Stephen] You know
the terms of the advance
and the contractual stipulation
to deliver chapters to deadline,
so I will leave you to
your sterling efforts.
- [Anna] Thank you, Stephen.
I'll be in touch soon.
- [Stephen] Excellent. Bye.
[phone beeps]
[birds chirping]
[somber music]
[flies buzzing]
[ghostly ambiance]
[suspenseful music]
[birds cawing]
[peaceful music]
[woman singing in foreign language]
[keyboard clacking]
[wind howling]
[wind chimes clanging]
[radio crackling]
[upbeat music]
♪ Don't come look for me ♪
♪ I'm gone ♪
[shower splashing]
♪ Don't come look for me ♪
♪ I'm gone ♪
[muffled music]
[crows cawing]
♪ On my plate, to savor, brother ♪
♪ Tired and tender, more
bitter with every surrender ♪
♪ But every- ♪
[radio crackling]
[muffled sobbing]
[water splashing]
[ominous music]
[wind chimes clanging]
- [Winifred] Anna?
[tense music]
[wind howling]
[animals distantly calling]
[gentle piano music]
- [Anna] Tell Mum that
I haven't even been slightly tipsy yet.
- [Dad] I'll do that, love.
- [Anna] I think this
house is haunted, Dad.
- [Dad] Oh. Here we go.
- [Anna] Seriously, Dad.
There have been some odd happenings.
- [Dad] Such as?
- [Anna] Voices.
Sensations.
- [Dad] Oh.
Do you remember the time when you were 16?
- [Anna] Oh, here we go.
- [Dad] No. Listen.
- [Anna] Okay, Dad.
- [Dad] Do you remember when you were 16
and you held a vigil, an all night vigil,
at the cemetery?
Because you were guaranteed a visitation
from the Red Lady on Midsummer's Eve?
- [Anna] I was a child.
- [Dad] True, but-
- [Anna] No buts.
- [Dad] But, there is a
pattern when it comes to things
that go bump in the
night with you, Squirrel.
- [Anna] All right, Dad.
So, maybe there's an
element of wishful thinking,
but this is different.
It's different.
- [Dad] Love, look.
I have to bring your mother her tea
and hot water bottle, so
I had better sign off.
You know the score.
The last servant, et cetera,
et cetera, et cetera.
- [Anna] Okay, Dad.
- [Dad] And keep me-
- [Anna] In the loop. Of course.
I know, Dad.
Love to you and Mum.
- [Dad] Night, squirrel.
[phone beeps]
- [Man] T minus 10, 9, 8,
8, 7, 6,
5, 4, 3,
2, 1,
zero.
Ignition.
Lift off.
[engines roaring]
[dramatic music]
[electrical whooshing]
- [Interviewer] Okay,
we're filming now, so...
I'm near it, so...
[ominous music]
[wind howling]
Can you tell us who you are?
- [Interviewee] My name's Jimmy. You knew.
- [Interviewer] First off, Jimmy,
we're not here to harm you.
I just want to talk briefly.
- Well, I'd like to know
more about you first.
- [Interviewer] Well, of course, Jimmy.
That's fine. My name is Simon.
[man giggling]
- I know you, Simon.
- [Interviewer] Can you, Jimmy,
tell us where you are?
- Oh, absolutely.
- [Interviewer] And so?
- You mean you don't know where you are?
- [Interviewer] No, of course, Jimmy.
I just want to hear it from you.
- Why, Fiddleston, of course.
- [Interviewer] Yes, Jimmy.
- You lot have come a long way.
- [Interviewer] Do you mind, um,
can I ask your full name?
- Go on then.
- [Interviewer] All right, Jimmy.
What is your full name?
Jimmy Faust. I'm 15.
[ominous music]
[muffled speaking]
- [Interviewer] Thank you, Jimmy.
- You're very stern, Mr. Simon.
- [Interviewer] Am I?
- Tell me, what's this about?
- [Interviewer] Well, this may
seem like a strange question,
but I need to ask you
to please play along.
- Go on then.
- [Interviewer] Well,
Jimmy, what year is it?
- [Jimmy] Did you forget again?
- [Interviewer] Play along, please.
- What year is it? 1935, of course!
- [Interviewer] Yes.
- I've got to get home
soon. You should too.
- [Interviewer] Should I?
[muffled speaking]
- [Interviewer] That's
a very wise move, Jimmy.
- What's that over there?
To your left.
- [Interviewer] Oh.
Oh, dear God.
[ghostly whooshing]
- [Interviewer] Jimmy?
[ominous music]
[muffled speaking]
Are you all right?
[ominous music]
[wind howling]
[tense music]
[peaceful music]
♪ Sun's shining ♪
♪ It feels right ♪
♪ And I can't help falling for you ♪
♪ Move close ♪
[wind howling]
[woman sobbing]
[birds cawing]
[peaceful music]
♪ Don't let me out when the moment comes ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Don't let me out in the stormy weather ♪
♪ Just want to lay here
with you and dream ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Just want this moment to last forever ♪
[keyboard clacking]
♪ It feels right ♪
[wind howling]
♪ We watched the clouds going ♪
♪ Forward bound ♪
[waves crashing]
♪ And I don't know why
I'm falling for you ♪
♪ And in the end,
something's changed for you ♪
♪ And I can't help falling for you ♪
♪ And there's a dust cloud rolling by ♪
♪ And let's keep in touch ♪
♪ It feels right ♪
[water splashing]
[gentle music]
[wind chimes chiming]
[birds chirping]
[keys jingling]
[waves crashing]
[seagulls squawking]
[bell tower ringing]
[static crackles]
[peaceful music]
[muffled singing]
[traffic roaring]
[eccentric music]
[muffled singing]
[ominous music]
[singer vocalizing]
[waves crashing]
[gulls squawking]
[wind howling]
[somber music]
- Hi.
[ominous music]
- [Winifred] I am waiting.
[seagulls squawking]
[ominous music]
[waves crashing]
[bell tower ringing]
[dog barking]
[suspenseful music]
[strange squealing]
- A whale.
[ominous music]
[footsteps echoing]
[ghostly creaking]
[clattering]
[woman laughing]
[knocking]
[tense music]
[doorknob clattering]
[intense music]
[wind howling]
You will not drive me out!
[phone ringing]
[wind chimes jingling]
- [Radio] Ah, Hollywood!
You had better be getting
yourself a good husband
and stop mooning about Hollywood.
Do you know what she wants to do?
She wants to go to Hollywood!
I've known it all along.
I've seen her making faces in the mirror
and talking to herself.
That's what comes of your movies!
- [Man] Why, would you do
if you do go to Hollywood?
[tense music]
- [Woman] I'd be an actress.
[woman laughing]
I would, I tell ya!
I've always known I could.
Guys, wouldn't it be wonderful
to have a movie star in our family?
[tense music]
[wind howling]
[woman sobbing]
[water splashing]
[thumping]
[ghostly creaking]
[ominous music]
[wood creaking]
[wind howling]
[waves crashing]
[intense whooshing]
[tense music]
[woman laughing]
[intense music]
[ghostly creaking]
[ghostly wailing]
[ominous music]
- [Anna] Emma Hart, June 8th, 1939.
When Emma pulled back the curtains,
she noticed that the tall figure,
[keyboard clacking]
now an inky black
silhouette on the horizon
near the Low Wood Copse,
was tilted in the
direction of the farmhouse.
It seemed taller than
before, even though hers
wasn't a reliable vantage
point from the window.
She remembered having thought a great wolf
was running the length of the hilltop
when she visited her aunt
and uncle at the farmhouse
while in her early teens,
only to discover...
[clicking]
That it was an errant
sheepdog hunting rabbits.
It was Farmer Stillgoe's
sheepdog, in fact,
but that was a whole other
mystery, since solved.
Emma closed the curtains
with as much nonchalance
as she could muster,
under the circumstances, and
walked quickly to the stairs
that led to the upper floors.
She bounded them, three steps at a time,
and when the first landing was reached,
she made her way to the small window
at the center of the house for
a better look at the ridge.
The light was failing fast though,
and she knew instinctively
that there wasn't much hope
of seeing more than from below,
but she had some time before
dinner with her extended family
and so, being true to
her inquisitive nature,
she peered out into the growing gloom.
[gentle music]
- [Mum] I wouldn't call
it a fender-bender,
but there is a sizeable
dent in the passenger door.
- [Anna] Did Dad go mad?
- [Mum] No, no, actually, surprisingly.
He was quite philosophical about it.
He accepted that it wasn't my fault
and that the other driver was backing out.
Refreshing.
Look, he's hovering now.
I'll put him on.
- [Anna] Kisses, Mum.
- [Mum] Love and kisses, sweetheart.
- [Dad] Have you Googled it yet?
- [Anna] Are you psychic, Dad?
- [Dad] Perhaps. A little.
- [Anna] I nearly did,
but I can't get distracted from the work.
Just too many Draconian conditions.
- [Dad] If I was there, I
wouldn't be able to resist it,
and you know what your
dear old mum always says.
- [Anna] I'm a chip off the old block?
- [Dad] Yes, me. The father, the elder.
- [Anna] The work is going great.
I'm just hoping things quiet down
and I can keep up the pace.
Increase it, even.
- [Dad] Okay, love.
Well, it's good to hear
that the work is ﬂowing.
That's what matters.
- [Anna] Okay, Dad. I've got to fly.
Love and hugs.
- [Dad] Bye. Love you.
[phone beeps]
[somber music]
[birds chirping]
[ominous music]
[radio crackling]
- [Radio] Oh, Lord, please save us at sea.
Hear, hear, and save us.
[tense music]
[muffled speaking]
Lord, have mercy upon us.
Have mercy upon us.
[waves crashing]
[somber music]
[seagulls squawking]
[singer vocalizing]
[ominous music]
[wind howling]
[crows cawing]
[keyboard clacking]
- [Dr. Francis] The house
was built for a sea captain
called Nigel Meeks in 1875.
Meeks had a wife, Margaret,
and a son called Reginald.
When Captain Meeks and his wife
died in a carriage accident
when Reginald was 22 years old,
the young man put all of his efforts
into a sea-going career of his own.
He was successful, and by the age of 29,
was a captain of his own
vessel, The Noble Margaret.
By the age of 31, he was
settled in Seaview House
with his young wife, Winifred,
a devoutly religious woman
who held many intensive vigils
for when her husband and crew were at sea.
20 years of happiness was theirs,
even though Winifred had suffered
several episodes of mental illness
which saw her taking sanitarium rest
on three of these occasions.
Always coming through these
times of strain and infirmity,
Winifred Meeks would be
back by her husband's side
and preparing her
schedule of devout prayer
as he set off for the
North Sea once again.
In the particularly stormy spring of 1927,
Captain Meeks and his crew
set off, never to return.
The locality was devastated by this loss,
as many had husbands and
sons crewing the vessel
and it wasn't long before Winifred Meeks
and her own private determinations
to pray for her husband's
safe return was forgotten.
Winifred believed that
if she scourged herself
with green branches
and restricted her
intake of food and water,
her personal suffering would strengthen
her husband's resolve
to make it home to her.
She continued to pray and
scourge and restrict her food
until she eventually
succumbed to malnutrition.
She was discovered, starved to death,
in the attic room of the house,
where she had built a shrine
to her husband and his safe return.
Several people over the years
have experienced sightings
of the ghost of Winifred Meeks at Seaview
and near the lighthouse where, in life,
she had held other vigils.
[ominous music]
[mouse clicking]
[tense music]
[crows cawing]
[ominous music]
[crows distantly cawing]
[somber music]
[flies buzzing]
[tense music]
[wind howling]
[waves crashing]
[ominous music]
[woman sobbing]
[wind howling]
[suspenseful music]
[ghostly whooshing]
[ghostly ambiance]
[tense music]
[birds chirping]
[gentle music]
- [Radio] Do you call having
an extra bed in your room,
"roughing it," Parkins?
[phone ringing]
[water burbling]
- Hi, Stephen.
- [Radio] I think I'll
occupy it for a bit.
It'll be company for you.
- [Stephen] Something for me?
- Three chapters finished. Almost.
Emailing them over tomorrow.
- [Stephen] Fantastic,
Anna. We're on track.
Even if changes are suggested,
we are delivering as promised
and agreed, contractually.
- Well, a few bumps in the night here
have inspired the creative
process on this one.
- [Stephen] Not ghosts, Anna?
- I'm...
- [Stephen] Just do me a favor
and get some proper sleep.
Don't let your imagination
run into fantastical arenas
that affect your real-life abilities
to separate fact from fiction.
- [Anna] Of course, Stephen.
- [Stephen] We must deliver.
- [Anna] I will email you tomorrow.
Have a great evening.
[wind chimes jingling]
[phone beeps]
[wind howling]
[somber music]
[birds chirping]
- [Radio] Take a look,
there will be light enough for that,
at the ruins of which Disney was talking.
[keyboard clacking]
I don't exactly know where
they are, by the way,
but I expect I can hardly
help stumbling on them.
This he accomplished, I may
say, in the most literal sense,
for in picking his way from
the links to the shingle beach,
his foot caught, partly in a gorse-root
and partly in a biggish
stone, and over he went.
When he got up and
surveyed his surroundings,
he found himself in a patch
of somewhat broken ground
covered with small depressions and mounds.
These latter, when he
came to examine them,
proved to be simply masses of flints
embedded in mortar and
grown over with turf.
He must, he quite rightly concluded,
be on the site of the preceptory
he had promised to look at.
It seemed not unlikely to reward
the spade of the explorer;
enough of the foundations
was probably left at no great depth
to throw a good deal of
light on the general plan.
He remembered vaguely that the Templars,
to whom this site had belonged,
were in the habit of
building round churches,
and he thought a particular
series of the humps or mounds
near him did appear to be arranged
in something of a circular form.
Few people can resist the temptation
to try a little amateur research
in a department quite outside their own,
if only for the
satisfaction of showing how-
[radio crackling]
[woman sobbing]
[ominous music]
[intense music]
[ghastly wailing]
[woman sobbing]
[woman laughing]
The northern, a patch
of the turf was gone,
removed by some boy or other
creature ferae naturae.
[phone ringing]
It might, he thought, be as well
to probe the soil here
[phone buzzes]
for evidences of masonry,
and he took out his knife and
began scraping away the earth.
And now followed another little discovery.
A portion of soil fell
inward as he scraped,
and disclosed a small cavity.
He lighted one match after another.
[waves crashing]
[somber music]
[birds chirping]
- [Winifred] Anna?
[ominous music]
[door creaking]
[tense music]
[wind howling]
[ominous music]
[gentle piano music]
[woman sobbing]
[ghostly wailing]
[creaking]
[ominous music]
[water splashing]
[water dripping]
[suspenseful music]
[woman sobbing]
- Please!
Please! Please, leave me alone!
Please!
[tense music]
Please leave me alone!
[Anna gasping]
[sobbing]
Please leave me alone!
Please, leave me alone!
Leave me alone!
Please leave me alone!
[crying]
[horn blaring]
[wind howling]
[ominous music]
[panting]
[animals calling]
[clattering]
[clicking]
[Anna panting]
The fuse box.
Keep it together.
This one.
Okay, Anna.
Keep it together.
[clattering]
[ominous music]
[thumping]
Okay, Anna.
[tense music]
[clattering]
[door squeaking]
[Anna gasping]
[Anna muttering]
[Anna panting]
[intense music]
[Anna gasping]
[electrical whirring]
Oh, okay.
[fuses clicking]
[wailing]
[ghostly whooshing]
[woman laughing]
[tense music]
[intense music]
[Anna screaming]
[birds chirping]
[somber piano music]
[crows cawing]
[car brakes squeaking]
[gentle piano music]
[old-timey music]
[man singing in foreign language]
- Hello, Anna?
Hello?
[tense music]
[traffic roaring]
[somber music]
[faint singing in foreign language]
- [Mum] Even a woman of your age,
and especially with asthma,
needs extra rest with pneumonia.
- [Anna] I know, Mum.
I'm getting more rest than I can handle.
- [Mum] Oh, Dad's hovering, as usual.
I'll put him on.
See you tomorrow, love.
Stay bundled up. Love you.
- [Anna] I will. Love you.
- [Dad] And how's my baby girl doing?
- [Anna] She's not doing too badly, Dad.
- [Dad] I know I keep saying it,
but thank God for that
Seaview landlord finding you
and calling an ambulance.
- [Anna] I know, Dad.
He's my knight in shining corduroy.
- [Dad] But do you think
the two weeks in hospital has been enough?
I thought they wanted you
to transfer to respite for a few weeks?
- [Anna] And lie around all day
and night, eating shit food?
No, Dad. Not happening.
I want to be here, where I can have
at least have some control anyway.
- [Dad] All right, and David? All good?
- [Anna] He's certainly
been making an effort.
- [Dad] I'm glad to hear it, Squirrel.
I do like David.
- [Anna] I know you do, Dad.
- [Dad] Well, must dash.
Sleep tight, love.
We'll see you tomorrow,
and I'll bring you lots of
fruit and warm sentiment.
- [Anna] I love you, Dad.
- [Dad] And I love you too, Anna.
I love you too.
[phone beeps]
[ominous music]
[laptop beeps]
- [Dr. Francis] Dear Ms. James,
thank you for your email.
Our studies of this property
and numerous investigations
have shown that no one has
successfully lived at Seaview
since the tragic deaths
of Captain and Mrs. Meeks.
Various investigators
associated with our research,
including members of the ordained clergy,
have been unable to rid the house
of the strong presence
there, but further attempts
are already in the preparatory stages.
I hope this has been of some help.
I trust you are on the
road to a full recovery.
Kind regards, Francis.
Dr. Francis Evans, parapsychologist.
[gentle music]
[thunder booming]
[ominous music]
[rain pattering]
[tense music]
[somber music]
[ominous music]